## Validation Package for our Microservices 2020 paper on Generation of Container-based Deployment Units Using an Ecosystem of Microservice-Oriented Modeling Languages 

### Reviewing the LEMMA Online-Shop Models
If you are interested in reviewing the online-shop models mentioned in the paper expressed in our modeling languages, please follow these steps:
1. Clone this repository to your local storage.
2. Download the Eclipse dropins from our latest release. 
3. Download the [Eclipse IDE for Java and DSL Developers ](https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages/release/2020-03/r/eclipse-ide-java-and-dsl-developers).
4. Copy all in step 2 downloaded dropins to the dropins folder if the Eclipse version.
5. Start the downloaded Eclipse version and import files contained in the ``online-shop_models`` folder of the cloned repository.
6. The models of the online-shop example are contained in the folders ``ItemService``, ``OrderService`` and ``CustomerService``. The additional ``Technology`` folder contains the models of the technology specification used in the service and operation models. The extensions for the different types of models are as follows:  
   * ``.data``: Domain models.
   * ``.mapping``: Mapping models.
   * ``.operation``: Operation models.
   * ``.services``: Microservice models.
   * ``.technology``: Technology models. 

### Reviewing the generated deployment-relevant artifacts

The implementation of the online store example, without the deployment-relevant artifacts generated by the code generation pipeline, is contained in ``online-shop_pre_generation`` of our repository. A complete example including all generated artifacts is included in folder ``online-shop_post_generation``. For deploying our runnable online-shop example, the following steps are needed:
1. Switch the ``online-shop_post_generation/build`` folder in your repository and make the ``build.sh`` script executable
2. Execute the build script with the following command `./build.sh`. Note that the script creates docker containers. Therefore, the docker daemon needs to be running.
3. For deploying the online-shop example via ``docker-compose``, switch back to the ``online-shop_post_generation`` folder and execute the `docker-compose up --build` command.
4. For deploying the online-shop example via [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/), simply execute the ``deploy.sh`` script. Note that `kubectl` needs to be connected to an active Kubernetes cluster.



